Instructions and notes:

PREREQUISITES:

1.  A Working password-less ssh between your host machine and the routers you
    wish to back up. True password-less ssh is really only necessary for a full
    automation, in fact if you don't mind (or even prefer) entering a password to
    login to each router, that will work. The host machine can be any *nix, so 
    you're not limited by the dropbear implementtion of ssh. The script detects 
    whether it's running in a router and adjusts accordingly.

2.  Network connectivity between your host and the remote. This should go
    without saying, but might get confusing when dealing with VPN or other
    semi-private environments, especially with internal vs. external IP addresses
    and DNS configuration issues between multiple subnets.

BASIC INSTALL AND USAGE:

1.  Download and unpack the tarball to the directory of your choice.

2.  Edit the "remotehosts" file. Format is simple: hostname as you would
    pass it on a command line. IP address will also work here. This is simply
    the input to an "ssh root@host" command.

3.  Edit the remote-exec.sh script to confirm that the user variables work
    in your environment. The setup should work in an unaltered environment, but
    not all of us run "stock" or we probably wouldn't be here, now would we? :)

4.  Edit the "host-exec.sh" script to confirm that the user variables work in
    your environment. The most common change here would be changing the user name
    in the RemoteUserID variable if you're not using "root".

5.  Execute the host-exec.sh script and watch the magic happen!

TROUBLESHOOTING:

If you are having issues with ongoing verification requests, check your 
known.hosts file to make sure you're not dealing with duplicate entries, for
example an entry by ip address and another by hostname. This sounds redundant
but has happened to me a few times with hardware swaps and private vs. public
addressing on my VPNs.

Be sure you have accessed each remote router at least once from the machine
you're using to host the backups or run the host-exec.sh script manually
the first time. This is to ensure that you don't get hung up on the RSA key
verifications. Once any key glitches are cleaned up, you should be able to
run this unattended.

Dropbear (the default ssh/scp implementation on BusyBox) uses a key format
that is not directly compatible with standard OpenSSH keys. They can be
converted. I will (eventually) link to a write-up/howto, or maybe even put
together a quick script to either do it for you or steer you down the path.
