TODO

Overcome Limiatations of Router/Firmware environment and ash, preferably
    without adding more entware tools if at all possible.
    
1. Fix the the comment-parsing of the remotehosts file. (ash limitation)
    Solution: No comments in remotehosts.
    Alternative: install bash as part of the opkg dependencies (not ideal)
    Preferred: find/develop a better parsing statement that works in ash
    FIXED: found a methodology for parsing based on old Bourne shell code.
    
2. ssh invocation doesn't work on a router environment at this point. Options:
    Solution: Install and use entware ssh (easiest, since doesn't require key
        conversions.
    Preferred: Update statement or add test to invoke dropbear for silent ssh
        Prerequisite: Back to confirmed login capability between boxes. Need to
        document the openssh/dropbear conversion process, espceially since it
        doesn't appear the native dropbear tool can make the conversion onboard.
    FIXED: Worked out dropbear limitations and requirements, setup a test for
        the environment and execute differently depending upon machine type.
        
3. Currently changing our ssh/dropbear methodology based on the machine type.
    We could instead base our decision on presence of "real" ssh and rsh tools.
    This is probably overkill since most who want to run this entirely in the
    router environment probably doing so due to lack of a full-on *nix system
    on hand. If there's demand for the "upgraded" router environment, I'll
    address it.
    
4. Documentation. I know how it works, at least I do today, because I wrote
    it. If this thing is going to be useful to anyone else at all, it needs
    to be documented. Too many "Buntster-specific" options and ideas here to
    expect anyone else to try to sort it out.
    
5.  Merge the functionality of these wrapper/control scripts with the BTRMS
    tool directly. No sense in having two separate distributions, and by merging
    the two toolsets we might be able to better control some of the unnecessary
    file transfers on initial setup. Advantages include not wasting storage
    space on client routers with redundant files that will never be read or
    used anyway, which also prevents a few unnecessary writes to an already
    (potentially) delicate filesystem.

6. BUG: Need to add a trap to the remote_exec.sh that verifies that we are
    running in a router environment. It probably isn't too big a deal to kick
    it off within a GNU/Linux environment, but it does create some confusing
    errors.

        
